bashdoc/bashdoc.sh.md, before:

<small><i>Auto-generated using bashdoc.sh</i></small>
# [bashdoc.sh](bashdoc.sh)

Parse documentation comments from bash script and generate markdown. The output file will
be saved in the same directory unless the optional output directory option is
specified.  The output file name will be the name of the script with '.md' extension.
A relative path option (-r) can be used to fix the link to the script in the header.

@version 2023.10.11

Supported Function Formats:
- name() { }
- function name { }
- function name() { }


Supported Keywords:<br>
- @param - Describes the parameters of a method.<br>
- @return - Describes the return code of a method. Normally 0 (success), 1 (error)<br>
- @output - Describes the otuput of a method, normally written to standard output so it can be captured<br>
 
Limitation Notes:
- Comments lines cannot be empty, add a space to signal continuation of content  
- keyword descriptions are limited to single lines, multiple duplicate keyword lines can be used
<br>

TODO:<br>
- @author - Specifies the author of the class, method, or field.
- @version - Specifies the version of the class, method, or field.
- @see - Specifies a link to another class, method, or field.

Sample:
<pre>
#!/bin/bash
#-------------------------------------------
# This is the script description section
#-------------------------------------------

# This function does work
# @param $1 - the first parameter
# @return - 0 when true, 1 otherwise
# @output - the text ouput
function doWork() {
  echo "otuput value"
  return 0
}

</pre>


## Functions:
| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| printHelp() | Print the usage information for this script to standard output.  |
| processArgs($1) | Setup and execute the argument processing functionality imported from arguments.sh.  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - array of argument values provided when calling the script <br> |
| isComment($1) | Determine if text is a comment  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isHeader($1) | Determine if text is a special header section indicator  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isKeyword($1) | Determine if text is one a keyword  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isFunction($1) | Determine if text is a function  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| newLinesToSpace($1) | Replace newline characters (cr and lf) to space  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to perform replacement <br><br><u>Output:</u><br>the trimmed text on standard output<br> |
| writeComments() | Write the accumulated comments to the output file  |
| writeCommentsFlat() | Write the accumulated comments to the output file trimmed of any newline  |
| writeFunctionParameters() | write out the accumulated function parameters  |
| writeParameterDescription() | write out the paramaters formatted for description in table  |
| writeReturnDescription() | write out the output description  |
| writeOutputDescription() | write out the output description  |
| parseBashScript($1) | perform all the work to parse the documentation from the specified bash script file  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - the script file to parse <br> |

Commit message:

bashdoc.sh - improved handling of empty comment lines, blank line will be kept in the output

bashdoc/bashdoc.sh.md, after:

<small><i>Auto-generated using bashdoc.sh</i></small>
# [bashdoc.sh](bashdoc.sh)

Parse documentation comments from bash script and generate markdown. The output file will
be saved in the same directory unless the optional output directory option is
specified.  The output file name will be the name of the script with '.md' extension.
A relative path option (-r) can be used to fix the link to the script in the header.<br>

@version 2023.10.13

Supported Function Formats:
- name() { }
- function name { }
- function name() { }

Supported Keywords:
- @param - Describes the parameters of a method.
- @return - Describes the return code of a method. Normally 0 (success), 1 (error)
- @output - Describes the otuput of a method, normally written to standard output so it can be captured

Limitation Notes:
- keyword descriptions are limited to single lines

TODO:<br>
- @author - Specifies the author of the class, method, or field.
- @version - Specifies the version of the class, method, or field.
- @see - Specifies a link to another class, method, or field.

Sample:
<pre>
#!/bin/bash
#-------------------------------------------
# This is the script description section
#-------------------------------------------

# This function does work
# @param $1 - the first parameter
# @return - 0 when true, 1 otherwise
# @output - the text ouput
function doWork() {
  echo "otuput value"
  return 0
}

</pre>


## Functions:
| Function | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| printHelp() | Print the usage information for this script to standard output.  |
| processArgs($1) | Setup and execute the argument processing functionality imported from arguments.sh.  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - array of argument values provided when calling the script <br> |
| isComment($1) | Determine if text is a comment  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isEmptyComment($1) | Determine if text is a completly empty comment (nothing but spaces)  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isHeader($1) | Determine if text is a special header section indicator  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isKeyword($1) | Determine if text is one a keyword  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| isFunction($1) | Determine if text is a function  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to test with regex for match <br><br><u>Return:</u><br>0 (zero) when true, 1 otherwise<br> |
| newLinesToSpace($1) | Replace newline characters (cr and lf) to space  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - text to perform replacement <br><br><u>Output:</u><br>the trimmed text on standard output<br> |
| writeComments() | Write the accumulated comments to the output file  |
| writeCommentsFlat() | Write the accumulated comments to the output file trimmed of any newline  |
| writeFunctionParameters() | write out the accumulated function parameters  |
| writeParameterDescription() | write out the paramaters formatted for description in table  |
| writeReturnDescription() | write out the output description  |
| writeOutputDescription() | write out the output description  |
| parseBashScript($1) | perform all the work to parse the documentation from the specified bash script file  <br><br><u>Args:</u><br>$1 - the script file to parse <br> |
